# Texas-Hold-em-Video-Poker
Five card poker game
Texas Hold'em is played between human and virtual machine players on electron equipment.
When a player wishes to play Texas Hold’em Poker, the player selects an empty handheld device. The casino will have an unlimited number of devices to service its clients. However, if there are no available electronic tables available for all the electronic players, players will be placed into a first come first served queue. Once a spot at a table becomes free, the player at the front of the queue is assigned to that table.

Once a player has been assigned to a table, the player enters his/her name and banking information into the device. Upon successful validation of the player’s banking information the player becomes part of the game. If there is an active round in progress the player can watch the active round, but cannot play until that round has completed. Players may leave the game at any time. If a player does not have any money at the beginning of a round, they are removed from the game so that players waiting in the queue are allowed a chance to play.

Of all card games ever known, poker is most popular. A variety of poker, called “Texas Hold'em” is often enjoyed by groups of players who share some of the same cards to make up a hand. Texas Hold'em is played with a minimum of two players and usually up to a maximum of ten players. A standard 52-card deck is used, a deck with four suits, Clubs, Diamonds, Hearts and Spades, each having thirteen cards, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, Jack, Queen, King and Ace. The deck is shuffled before each hand. Players enter an ante before receiving cards.

When play starts, each player receives two cards face down as “hole cards.” Five cards then are displayed face up and are used by all players. These are “community” cards. Players may combine any five of their two hole cards and five community cards to make the best five-card poker hand. Ranking of hands is conventional, with the highest hand a 10, Jack, Queen, King and Ace on-suit (the highest straight-flush) and the lowest potential winning hand comprising high cards (in the absence of a pair or better hand). Two or more players may tie, and each receive an equal share from the betting pot. All suits are equal in determining a winner. A flush of one suit against a flush of the same cards in another suit results in a tied hand.

Generally, the player to the left of the dealer must bet ‘in the blind’ before any cards are dealt. In some games, two or more blinds are required and no blind bidding is used. After
the blinds (if any) are posted, two hole cards are dealt ‘down’ (hidden), and only played as part of the recipient's hand. After this, each player clockwise from the blind bettor(s) may call the blind bet(s), raise or fold. Players that have bet ‘in the blind’ optionally can raise their blind bets on the first round of betting, with the farthest-clockwise-away blind bettor the last to bet in the initial betting round. If only one player remains (others folded) then the sole player is declared the winner and receives the pot.

After the first round of betting, the first three community cards are simultaneously displayed (the ‘flop’). Then each remaining player, starting with the first player to the left, may check, bet, call, raise, re-raise (re-raises may be limited to three in any round) or fold. The betting round ends when no more bets or raises can be made that have not been called or responded to by an all-in or fold. A fourth community card (the “turn”) is then displayed and betting proceeds for      the remaining ‘in’ players as described above. Finally, a fifth community card is displayed (the ‘river’), and betting proceeds for the remaining ‘in’ players. After the river betting round, the last bettor's hole cards are opened and ‘read’ to determine the strength of that hand when combined with the five community cards. The same reading of hands is done in clockwise order with respect to the hole cards of each remaining player. The winner(s) are declared and the pot distributed.
